Update CHANGELOG.md for 4.66.0 (#4961)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

4.66.0
==========
### New Features

> - Enabled extended functionality in the MSAL authentication flow. See [Issue #4956](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4956)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enabled extended functionality in the MSAL authentication flow through the implementation of `IAuthenticationOperation`. This allows for custom extensions in the authentication flow by providing an authentication operation interface. See [Issue #4956](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4956)
```

> - MSAL.NET will now opt-in to regional when env variable MSAL_FORCE_REGION is set . See [Issue #4930](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4930)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- MSAL.NET will now opt-in to regional ESTS when the environment variable MSAL_FORCE_REGION is set `(e.g., MSAL_FORCE_REGION=eastus)`. This automatically directs MSAL to use the specified region for token acquisition. If the region is explicitly set to `"DisableMsalForceRegion"`, MSAL will not opt-in to regional ESTS. Use of the `WithAzureRegion(xyz)` API takes precedence over the environment variable. See [Issue #4930](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-dotnet/issues/4930)
```
